enh(mc): refresh the procedure for Socomec Net Vision (#3083)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-ups-socomec-netvision-snmp.md

## Installing the monitoring connector

### Pack

1. If the platform uses an *online* license, you can skip the package installation
instruction below as it is not required to have the connector displayed within the
**Configuration > Monitoring Connector Manager** menu.
If the platform uses an *offline* license, install the package on the **central server**
with the command corresponding to the operating system's package manager:

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 8" label="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 8">

```bash
dnf install centreon-pack-hardware-ups-socomec-netvision-snmp
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 9" label="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 9">

```bash
dnf install centreon-pack-hardware-ups-socomec-netvision-snmp
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Debian 11" label="Debian 11">

```bash
apt install centreon-pack-hardware-ups-socomec-netvision-snmp
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="CentOS 7" label="CentOS 7">

```bash
yum install centreon-pack-hardware-ups-socomec-netvision-snmp
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

2. Whatever the license type (*online* or *offline*), install the **Socomec Net Vision UPS SNMP** connector through

> the **Configuration > Monitoring Connectors Manager** menu.

Author: ```suggestion
the **Configuration > Monitoring Connector Manager** menu.
```

- Automatic plugin installation is turned off
- You want to run a discovery job from a poller that doesn't monitor any resource of this kind yet

> More information in the [Installing the plugin](/docs/monitoring/pluginpacks/#installing-the-plugin) section.

Use the commands below according to your operating system's package manager:

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 8" label="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 8">

```bash
dnf install centreon-plugin-Hardware-Ups-Socomec-Netvision-Snmp
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 9" label="Alma / RHEL / Oracle Linux 9">

```bash
dnf install centreon-plugin-Hardware-Ups-Socomec-Netvision-Snmp
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Debian 11" label="Debian 11">

```bash
apt install centreon-plugin-hardware-ups-socomec-netvision-snmp
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="CentOS 7" label="CentOS 7">

```bash
yum install centreon-plugin-Hardware-Ups-Socomec-Netvision-Snmp
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Using the monitoring connector

### Using a host template provided by the connector

1. Log into Centreon and add a new host through **Configuration > Hosts**.

> 2. Fill the **Name**, **Alias** & **IP Address/DNS** fields according to your ressource settings.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Fill in the **Name**, **Alias** & **IP Address/DNS** fields according to your ressource's settings.
```
